Add a broker known issue broker 21.10 (#1216)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/resources/known-issues.md

| Issues | Workaround if exists |
| ------ | -------------------- |

> | On platforms using BAM module and monitoring tens of thousands of services, after a restart of `cbd` service, an long time can elapse before the data from the monitoring begins to refresh in the Web interface. From our observations, it takes about 20 minutes for a 50k services platform. **No data is lost, and the latency disappears won't happen again until the next restart.** | The is no workaround apart from disabling the BAM broker outputs, which would disable the BAM module. This bug is present on all major versions currently supported and shoudl be fixed during january 2022. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| On platforms using the BAM module and monitoring tens of thousands of services, after a restart of the `cbd` service, a long time can elapse before the data from the monitoring begins to refresh in the Web interface. From our observations, it takes about 20 minutes for a 50k services platform. **No data is lost, and the latency disappears and won't happen again until the next restart.** | There is no workaround apart from disabling the BAM broker outputs, which would disable the BAM module. This bug is present on all major versions currently supported and should be fixed during January 2022. |
```
